Banas yen I tried to volunteer to be in
the [ __ ] you know the cube of truth
[ __ ] you know the trick the cube of
truth [ __ ]
they wouldn't they wouldn't let me do
cube of truth and what told other people
that they're like flabbergasted because
of course all these groups are like Oh
everyone's welcome welcome to
participate everyone's welcome to get
involved nope
but some people are welcome at some hard
if I do an open mic night in a comedy
club I think I can really reach like 200
people in a more meaningful way than
standing on a street corner in Los
Angeles so that's what I'm talking about
I'm talking I'm not gonna talking about
comparing street activism to something
perfect I'm just talking about comparing
it to like real alternatives you may
have access to but I have already
mentioned one of the other problems
which is just the barriers to entry so
for me I couldn't even participate in a
silent protest the level of censor so
that's a silent protest that cube of
truth I wouldn't even talk I just stand
there in my vegan t-shirt it's that
thing that would be my job would be just
to stand there holding you know a TV
screen right and I couldn't do that cuz
they're there whatever reason the snobs
like I don't know why me I don't like I
nobody told me why is it that they're
too left-wing or they're too right went
look why I don't know but they shut me
out of participating in a silent protest
if I get on stage as a stand-up comedian
you know who's who's the gatekeeper
who's the barrier to entry maybe the
audience is gonna laugh maybe they're
gonna boo you know maybe we're gonna
have a good time maybe not right but
that's really different right and maybe
maybe I'm gonna listen to the audience
maybe they're gonna talk a little tune
I'm gonna respond to that and maybe I'm
gonna shut them down there's there's a
bit of a dynamic that way but you know I
mean when you think about it that's
really question who are the gatekeepers
so I know I know quest doesn't want to
roll with DXE anymore so now if you want
to if you want to protest who do you
roll with and because again you can be a
one-man protest I think it's a lot worse
than being a stand-up comedian but like
you guys must now be trying to
compromise with somebody Mercy for
Animals or some group you know each one
as to what Mercy for Animals there are
things that are that are messed up about
them
pet other things that you know you got
to make different compromises teach
these groups right
[Music]
evolution